A.Lazebny. Mysteries of Autodesk's Caves

Part 7. Secrets of ACAD_EVALUATION_GRAPH room

Many users tried many times to swap parameter names in the block properties list but with no success. In what 
sequence these parameters were created - in that sequence they were displayed. My first task was to swap parameters.

As I have already written by swapping 95th pairs I razed all. Then I swapped two whole records but they returned to 
their places. Then I swapped only record numbers - numbers returned to theirs places and swapped records. Aha, I think, 
it is a step forward. Looked at block properties list - no visible changes. How is that? I changed dictionary in fact, 
hence somewhere something should vary! I got angry and started pestering block. I began with the swapped property. I 
opened the door leading to that room and dully made Entmod to all the room (entmod in 
AutoLISP means "modify entity"). AutoCAD swore - he said that dotted pairs like 1071 and 1010 were unknown. I removed 
them and made Entmod again. I see - hurrah! Block properties have swapped places!

Now I'll do a digression. The point is that there is such an incantation (it is rather intricate so I will miss it) 
that gets all the properties list for the dynamic block - but after swapping block properties the list remained 
unchanged! Then I shaked the whole block having made Entmod to it. And after that everything 
changed everywhere as it should be.

Now, after long time I think that I would probably shake the whole block at once? I don't know. Let another digger 
test this.

My second sick callus was that block editor allowed only one Visibility Set. If you have for examle 10 objects that 
you want to see in all different visibility states then you must describe 1024 visibilities. And if one could insert 
many Visibility Sets then having taken 10 sets you would need to describe object visibilty only in one of them, that is 
10 times instead of 1024. And as one Visibility Set can describe visibility for a group of elements the total number of 
combinations is beyond all mind calculations.

I tried to create a new Visibility Set parameter and created it as a copy of an existing one. Inserted. My block 
acquired an amazing quality. If I come in there is no Visibility Set. If I come out it exists in model and in block 
properties. I come in again - none. I set a new one - it is taken. I come out - one more appeared. I come in - again 
desappeared. And so on ad infinitum. Thus I conclude that I may have many such parameters.

After some time I removed my "clumsy" Visibility Set and - oh, wonder! Block editor saw the first in order Visibility 
Set. Moreover editor began to work with it as it should. And since I was already able to swap places of block property 
parameters it turned out that moving to very top any of added Visibility Sets alows to edit it with block editor.

I think that I made not a "clumsy" Visibility Set but AutoCAD correctly inserts only its own-made parameters and my 
dummies simply confuse AutoCAD. But it gave some harvest. In such a form my incantations work. Firstly I do a dummy then 
I put it to AutoCAD whose head gets confused and it allows to add one more parameter, and when I remove my dummy, 
AutoCAD recovers and allows to add parameter and when I remove my dummy AutoCAD comes to its senses, but it cannot undo 
and is to handle what it made itself.

Previous | Next

NP CAD Page | Articles 
|| Introduction | 1 | 2 
| 3 | 4 | 5 
| 6 | 8 | 9 
| 10 | 11 | 12
|| Russian